add new sso and scim faqs (#8963)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-entra-id.md

    - By enabling provisioning, you immediately trigger the initial Microsoft Entra ID sync. Subsequent syncs are triggered every 20-40 minutes, depending on the number of users and groups in the application. Refer to Microsoft Entra ID's [Provisioning tips](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/databricks/admin/users-groups/scim/aad#provisioning-tips) documentation for more information.
    - You can also prompt a manual provisioning outside of the cycle by clicking **Restart provisioning**.
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/dbt-cloud-enterprise/access-control/scim-entraid-manual.png" width="80%" title="Prompt manual provisioning." />

## FAQ and troubleshooting

> For common questions about SCIM provisioning with Entra ID — including onboarding workflows, attribute matching, IP allowlisting issues, and troubleshooting — see [SCIM FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-faq).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For common questions about SCIM provisioning with Entra ID — including onboarding workflows, attribute matching, IP allowlisting issues, and troubleshooting — refer to [SCIM FAQs and troubleshooting](/docs/cloud/manage-access/scim-faq).
```
